TARSIA PAIRS — Section 2.3
01	Use the velocity-time table to classify the acceleration as positive, negative, or zero, and explain how the table supports your conclusion.	The acceleration is positive because velocity changes by 2 m/s each second.
02	Use the velocity-time table to classify the acceleration as positive, negative, or zero, and explain how the table supports your conclusion.	The acceleration is positive because velocity changes by 2 m/s each second.
03	A scooter slows down in a straight line. Explain whether it is accelerating and identify what part of velocity is changing.	Yes. It accelerates because the magnitude of velocity decreases.
04	Use the velocity-time table to classify the acceleration as positive, negative, or zero, and explain how the table supports your conclusion.	The acceleration is negative because velocity changes by -2 m/s each second.
05	A skateboarder’s velocity changes from 6 m/s east to 22 m/s east in 4 s. Calculate the average acceleration.	4 m/s² east
06	Use the velocity-time table to classify the acceleration as positive, negative, or zero, and explain how the table supports your conclusion.	The acceleration is negative because velocity changes by -2 m/s each second.
07	Use the velocity-time table to classify the acceleration as positive, negative, or zero, and explain how the table supports your conclusion.	The acceleration is negative because velocity changes by -2 m/s each second.
08	A skateboarder’s velocity changes from 4 m/s east to 12 m/s east in 4 s. Calculate the average acceleration.	2 m/s² east
09	A skateboarder’s velocity changes from 3 m/s east to 19 m/s east in 4 s. Calculate the average acceleration.	4 m/s² east
10	Use the velocity-time table to classify the acceleration as positive, negative, or zero, and explain how the table supports your conclusion.	The acceleration is positive because velocity changes by 2 m/s each second.
11	A skateboarder’s velocity changes from 5 m/s east to 23 m/s east in 6 s. Calculate the average acceleration.	3 m/s² east
12	A skateboarder’s velocity changes from 6 m/s east to 12 m/s east in 6 s. Calculate the average acceleration.	1 m/s² east
13	Use the velocity-time table to classify the acceleration as positive, negative, or zero, and explain how the table supports your conclusion.	The acceleration is negative because velocity changes by -2 m/s each second.
14	A scooter speeds up in a straight line. Explain whether it is accelerating and identify what part of velocity is changing.	Yes. It accelerates because the magnitude of velocity increases.
15	A scooter slows down in a straight line. Explain whether it is accelerating and identify what part of velocity is changing.	Yes. It accelerates because the magnitude of velocity decreases.
16	A scooter speeds up in a straight line. Explain whether it is accelerating and identify what part of velocity is changing.	Yes. It accelerates because the magnitude of velocity increases.
17	A skateboarder’s velocity changes from 2 m/s east to 8 m/s east in 6 s. Calculate the average acceleration.	1 m/s² east
18	A scooter slows down in a straight line. Explain whether it is accelerating and identify what part of velocity is changing.	Yes. It accelerates because the magnitude of velocity decreases.
